 My Career Aspiration:
To utilize and develop my technical knowledge and inter-personal skills that I have acquired throughout my educational career to provide better solutions to the societal problems and to facilitate, accelerate growth of the organization I work with to the best of my ability.
Education:
● $Degree, 2011:

               With 2.80 CGPA out of (4.0)=(70%)
                from $University, Pokhara,          

● 10+2,2007:

                with 50%

                from  Himanchal Higher Secondary School, Nagi
● Additional Qualification
 Core JAVA and J2EE course in UTTARA INFOSOLUTIONS Bangalore.

         Advanced Java Framework (Struts 2 , Spring , Hibernate) in UTTARA INFOSOLUTIONS Bangalore.

Experience

$Organization    $Date1

Position: $JobTitle       

Roles & Responsibilities 

- Developing web enable solution using PHP, MYSQL and Dreamweaver 

- Handled some projects 

Company:

 $Organization2
 $Date
6. Salient Feature (Road Map) 
Project Details
: This Site is developed for National Highways Authority of India.  This Site specially    designed to visit   affiliate all over world and get information about road construction. Of India
Platform/Language
: ASP.Net 4.
Database

: Microsoft SQL Server 2005

Role
: $JobTitle2



Strengths
· Strong team builder.
· Good communication skill.
· Dynamic and energetic individual.

· Ability to work in any Environment
Software Skills:
      Programming Language :C,C++, JAVA,linux
      Scripting Language: WEB Programming (Html, CSS, and JavaScript).

      Database: oracle, mysql.
Academic Project Details:

 Banking system
Objective
    Actually we developed same banking project in 2nd semester using c programming language, in 4th semester using Visual Programming but in 6th semester project we developed ‘Hotel Reservation website’ and now 8th semester I am trying to develop same project using java programming with additional flexible features.

   Banking System Software does same as we interact in bank and moreover we can chat, talk, conference via internet within Bank Branch, report generating, data backup etc.
My Contribution to Project:
Database: Oracle database.
IDE: Net beans (With MVC design pattern).

$Organization3 	|	$Date2

Role: $JobTitle3

Programming language : java programming.

Email: $Email  
Mob No: $Contact
 My Achievements:
· Best Project Award (2009) entitled “Banking Software”                                                                                                                                                                                      
My Profile:

Personal Details

Name

$Name

Nationality                  
               

NEPALI
Date Of Birth


1989-03-23
Hobbies                                                  

Playing chess, Basketball, Reading Books,
Listening music, cricket,Music etc.

Languages Known 

Nepali, English, Hindi.

Address                             
$Address
DECLARATION:
  I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my Knowledge.

                                                                                                                          $Name

