➢ Over fourteen (14) years of total experience in Manual and Automated testing of Client Server,
Content Management Applications, Web Applications, in QA Test Lead Analyst and Architect roles in
Financial, Utilities and Buildings industries. 
➢ Four years and seven months as Project Test Manager, responsible for coordination of all testing
efforts. Interacts with Managers, B. A's, QA team and clients. Interacts daily with technology and
business team. 
➢ Three years as Test Team lead in financial industries. 
➢ Extensive experience working with offshore teams. 
➢ Manages the processes of analyzing, defining, documenting and implementing enhancements to the
features operations business process and technology systems. 
➢ Four plus years of mainframe testing. 
➢ Ten years of testing using Quality Center (ALM) testing tool. Eighteen months using QTP. 
➢ Proficient in Black Box testing, QA and QC Methodologies in Integration test, System and User
Acceptance testing UAT. 
➢ Experienced in setting and configuring QA Environments for financial and non-financial clients. 
➢ Proficient at writing Test Plans/test cases and Strategies, and following different Agile and Waterfall
QA Methodologies. 
➢ Have working knowledge of Oracle Financial Services applications in its processing, categorizing,
selection and manipulation of data and information needed to analyze, understand and report on
specific performance, risk compliance and customer insight issues. 
➢ Have good knowledge of Web Servers, Database Servers, and Application Servers. 
➢ Proficient in using FileNet, and Quality Center/ALM, MS tools such as PowerPoint, Excel Sheets, MS
Office, and MS Project. 
➢ Documents business requirements. Identify report, retest and track all defects. 
➢ Excellent verbal and written communication skills.


Work Experience

$JobTitle
$Organization
$Date

Helping clients to secure a better financial future for themselves and their families.

$JobTitle2
$Organization2
$Date1

Worked on the Next Generation Demand Response (NGDR) project as AMI Test Analyst (Advance
Metering Infrastructure). This is a utility company that was introducing and installing smart Meters



for their customers. These meters are designed to operate in a Mesh Network. They are called smart
meters as they have NIC cards and Firmware which enables them to communicate to other meters
within the Mesh Network. 
 
Responsibilities: 
• Coordinate with all project stakeholders. 
• Wrote comprehensive test cases that supported the metering business unit and proved all the
managed risks associated with testing, and took preventative measures to make sure milestones were
met. 
• Manages testing activities in project, mentoring and delegating assignments. 
• Estimates testing effort in projects, assesses progress and effectiveness of testing efforts. 
• Reports status of testing projects. Identify report, retest and track all defects. 
• Responsible for supporting, planning, design and execution of system testing on simple to complex
implementation. 
• Test in Mainframe, Development and Production. 
• Elicit business requirements from project sponsors through a variety of means including formal
interviews, JAD sessions, BRD - Business Requirement Documents, reviewing previous documentation
etc. 
• Responsible for performing system testing by executing test cases and test scripts along with
identifying any defects and formally documenting defects in a defect tracking tool. 
• Meet with developers and business so that I can best understand and represent their needs. 
• Analyzed and reviewed user/business requirements and functional specs documents, detail design
documents, to ensure that requirements were testable. Participates in requirement analysis. 
• Worked collaboratively within the IT department and business units to execute and validate test
cases based upon system requirements. Identified and track improvements to testing process and
worked towards project implementation. 
• Validated that user expectations were achieved during the testing process. 
• Attended meetings, project reviews and updated test cases when necessary. Used utility tools to read
meters, upgrade/downgrade firmware. Created export jobs, schedules, reports, Demand Reset, and
create events. Upgrade/downgrade NIC Firmware, set time, and changed billing cycles on meters. 
 
Environment: Silver Spring Networks, CaliberRM & ALM Quality Center. 
 
Tools: Quality Center/ALM 11.0, Field Service Unit (FSU), Meter Mate, 1132com, Communication Tester,
MeterCat, MS Office, PowerPoint and Excel, Visual Basic.

Test Team Lead
Whitney National Bank - New Orleans, LA
August 2010 to June 2012

Purpose: This project was implemented to convert the Core Processing System of Whitney National
Bank 'Jack Henry's "Silverlake"' to replace it with "Fidelity" system. 
 
Responsibilities: 
• Managed twelve (12) testing analyst with day to day workload (assignments). 
• Mentoring and delegating assignments. 
• Supervised, coordinated, and monitored the daily technical activities during various testing efforts. 
• Analyzed and reviewed Business Requirements, Functional Specifications and Detail Design
Documents. 




• Participated in defects triage and provide feedback in root cause analysis of defects when needed. 
• Reviewed training manuals to learn workflow process of all accounts such as Deposits, Withdrawals,
IRA's CD's investments, General Trust Funds, Living Trust, and Trust Fund for children and Estate
Planning. 
• Generated plans for project, test scripts, schedules, workflows, and all documentation to complete
testing through to conversion. 
• Wrote test Matrix for Deposits and Security Department. 
• Test in Production, development, UAT and mainframe environment. Identify report, retest and track
all defects. 
• Uploaded from excel spread sheets in Quality Center, run these scripts through QC for validation. 
• Assisted in validation procedures and results. 
• Used Document Management software Kofax to capture, automate and accelerate business process
by capturing all paper documentation, electronic documents and forms, and transfer them into
accurate and actionable information. 
• Scanned thousands of documentations on a daily basis for information will be available for instant
access to all authorized IDB personnel. 
• Prepared and mailed tax information for customers and pulled customers account files that were
close and removed them from files. 
Environment/Tools: MS Office 2007, Word, Kofax, Excel, Outlook & PowerPoint.

$JobTitle3
$Organization3 - 
$Date2

Projects I worked on: LLT - Landlord Trust, AOM - Account Opening & Maintenance 
BPMS - Bill Payments Merchant Services & CBUSOL - CitiBusiness Online, eForms - Electronic Forms.
RPS -Citibank's Retirement Plan Service and 1099 Tax Reporting. 
 
Responsibilities: 
• Managed sixteen (16) testing analyst with day to day workload (assignments) from different locations
within the US and overseas. 
• Sat in on interview panel to valuate and ask questions of new employees for hire. 
• Was responsible for onboarding of new employees, take pictures for ID's, send in request forms for
access to log in to databases and applications. 
• Walked through security procedures, exit and meeting place locations in case of fire or other
emergencies. 
• Conducted quarterly review of employee performance and give feedback for improvement of
performance if necessary and encourages continuance of good performance of performed task. 
• Assisted PM with making decisions of new hire and give feedback on current employee's
performance. 
• Evaluated Requirements and make decisions on how much time is needed to write scripts for such
requirements taking into consideration bugs reporting and other issues that may arise, and submit
time frame to PM for performing these task 
• Supervised, coordinated, and monitored the daily testing activities during various testing efforts. 
• Analyzed and reviewed the user/business requirements and functional specs documents. 
• Generated test cases for complex business applications, plans for project, test plans, schedules,
workflows, and all documentation to complete testing in UAT. 
• Managed multiple existing projects, understand and documents all business requirements for
projects. 
• Coordinated with Team and other project managers for weekly status reports. 
• Prepared project plans for review on weekly basis to be presented at status meeting. 
• Attended business meetings for update to evaluate that targets are achieved on time. 
• Attended weekly conference meeting with project managers and team leaders from Ohio, San
Antonio and other locations in NYC. 
• Reviewed internal test plans and worked with developers for external review on test plans and test
cases. 
• Trained new employees to write test plans and to perform manual testing. Worked as liaison between
business and IT teams. 
• Supported process management solutions including Datacap, BPM, and FileNet P8 PE Standardize
service offerings including Technology Refresh, IBM Stored IQ, IBM Datacap, and integrated vertical
solutions within financial industries. 



• Used PeopleSoft Module 8.9 for testing efforts to enter test scenarios for positive and negative
results. 
 
Environment/Tools: Test Director 8.0/Quality Center 8.2/9.0, Visual Basic, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Office,
QTP 8.0/8.2/9.0, LoadRunner8.2, Informatica 7x/8.x, ERWin5.0 VB Scripting Oracle E-Business Suite,
Financial Management, PL/SQL, Kofax/FileNet, PeopleSoft WinRunner, Financial/HRMS, DB2, PVCS, C#
Java, J2EE, VBScript, Web Logic, Server 8.1.

About Me:
$Name
 $Address
$Email
$Contact


Education

$BDegree

$BDate


$MDate

$MDegree

Skills

Quality Center, Unix, Excell, (10+ years), Health Insurance

Additional Information

Ø Over fourteen (14) years of total experience in Manual and Automated testing of Client Server,
Content Management Applications, Web Applications, in QA Test Lead Analyst and Architect roles in
Financial, Utilities and Buildings industries.

