
Information Technology Professional with over 20 years experience encompassing Software
Development, Quality Assurance and Systems Engineering. Possesses a blend of the following skills: 
● Held Security Clearance: DOD Secret 
● Software Testing; Web Based Front end and Back end 
● Experience on Mac, Windows and UNIX Platforms 
● Communication, Troubleshooting and Organizational 
● Works well independently or in a team environment 
● KSH, SQL, SAS, FOCUS, XML, HTML 
● macOS Mojave 10.14, UNIX, MS-Windows, DOS, MVS (TSO, ISPF, SDSF, JCL) 
● JIRA, Confluence, TestRail, Slack, SQL Developer, iTerm, SOAP/UI, DOORS, PDIT, TEAMCENTER,
Exceed, Silktest, MS-Office Professional, Mercury Quality Center 
● Oracle, Informix, Sybase 
● Experience with Agile, Scrum


Work Experience

$JobTitle
$Organization - $Date

Sr. QA Engineer on Stored Value Platform (SVP). Agile/Scrum Methodology. Scrum Master. Utilize
TestRail to create Manual/Automated Test Cases. Manually test both Front End (web based) and Back
End processes on a UNIX platform. 
● Work with Domestic and International team members comprised of developers and testers. Direct
Automation team on what Test Cases are ready for automation. Manually test with Manual team. Jira
used to assign tasks for sprints or for tracking bugs or defects found during testing. 
● As Scrum Master, work with Product Owner and Team to define tasks and story points for each
Sprint. Coach team members as needed and an SME on SVP process. 
● Scrum Master, member of Scrum Masters Guild, member of PCI Compliance Clan 
● Work with Product Owner and Scrum Team to plan Sprint, conduct Sprint Retrospective, groom
Backlog and hold Daily Stand Up meetings 
● Perform Post Release verification testing in Production Environment

$Name


$Address
$Email

$Contact



$JobTitle2
$Organization2
$Date1

Battle Management and Engagement Systems 
Broad Area Maritime Surveillance (BAMS) Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) Program 
 



● Prepared and Submitted assigned CDRLs into TeamCenter, update as needed. 
● Prepared System Integration Test Plans and Test Procedures. 
● Uploaded System Integration Test Procedures into TeamCenter for release. 
● Utilized in-house Product Development Integration Tool (PDIT) to track status and schedule to
support Integrated Product Teams (IPTs) 
● Coordinated between IPTs to stay on top of deliveries, to identify potential issues & to resolve
delivery issues that may arise 
● Generated Reports to assist IPTs track their status and Metric Reports for Management

$JobTitle3
$Organization3
$Date2

Develop, recommend, and execute initiatives to support the New York City Wireless Integrated Network
(NYCWiN) project 
● Primary interface with the NYC Department of Information Technology & Telecommunications (DoITT)
for QA related issues. Also interfaced with Sanitation, Transportation & other NYC departments during
ATP verification testing. 
● Project Wide Test Management - Coordinate QA Resources; ensure tests are conducted per
documented test procedures; record test discrepancies and follow to resolution; get Customer Sign-
Offs (ie: DoITT) on all Tests conducted. Prepared and Coordinated Briefings/Meetings 
● Documentation Management - Coordinate documentation effort with Technical Writers while
occasionally assisting in preparing documents for delivery to DoITT 
● Configuration Management - Conduct weekly Change Control Board meetings to review Design
Change requests. This was generally an internal process but at times included the Customer to address
issues that may have arisen 
● Plan and carry out QA for product acceptance/delivery, ensure compliance with corporate and
contractual requirements. 
● Perform QA functions to monitor and track the progress of each milestone/deliverable through
Metrics Reporting

Education

$BDegree
$University
$BDate

Skills

Quality Assurance, QA

